codepen url: https://codepen.io/fernando817mm/pen/XWMVwpV 


    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Meaningful HTML tags used for screen readers. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
    The structure for a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute provides additional information about HTML tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for stating the title of the page and it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and a tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    metadata 
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute that gives the tag element which it is in a unique name and allowing it to be targeted or referenced.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    All of them. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute that lets you target one or multiple elements with the same class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Infinitely.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute is used to describe an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    div is used as a styling container and sections are meant to group related information together.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style HTML.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
        color: white;
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    I would use a class for subtitle because I know every subtitle should look alike.
    I would use an id to reference sections in a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    putting a "." before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Instead of targeting the element you want you would target the parent then the desired element. For example: div img{}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a way to target something more specifically like in a certain state or location.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename.txt, you should be careful because it gives you no warnings and doesnt appear in your trash can.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    In case something breaks or to allow teams to share code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As soon as you finish a feature or every 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name the first time then git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    clone
    cd into desired location
    git clone url
    cd into repo
    git checkout -b branch-name
    git add .
    git commit -m "short descriptive message about changes made here"
    git push -u origin branch-name
    pull request 
    pushing only requires "git push" from now on

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements start and stay on the same line and block elements create their own line to live on
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    position: absolute; positions an element relative to its parent and not the viewport
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    display block:
    div
    header
    footer

    display inline: 
    a
    img

    display inline block: 
    button 
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    *{
        border-sizing: border-box;
    }
    tells the browser to account for padding and margin on individual elements before looking at the width.
